Privacy Policy.

Raudgard built the Lightways app as a Free app. 
This SERVICE is provided by Raudgard at no cost and is intended for use as is.

This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, 
and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.

If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. 
The Personal Information that I collect is used for providing and improving the Service. 
I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.

The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, 
which are accessible at Lightways unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.

Information Collection and Use

For a better experience, while using our Service, 
I may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. 
The information that I request will be retained on your device and is not collected by me in any way.
To delete this information, you just need to delete this application.

Your personal and confidential data is securely processed on your device and is not transferred anywhere by me.
The application collects the following types of data:

1. Approximate location
2. User IDs
3. Purchase History
4. Actions in applications
5. Diagnostic data of the device
6. Device IDs and Advertising ID

I, Raudgard, do not collect or receive this data. But perhaps this data can be sent to Google and Unity companies.

The app does use third-party services that may collect information used to identify you.

Link to the privacy policy of third-party service providers used by the app:
Google Play Services
Unity


Changes to This Privacy Policy

I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. 
Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. 
I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

This policy is effective as of 2024-05-29

Contact Me

If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, 
do not hesitate to contact me at lightways@bk.ru.
